My name is Cameron Rudderham.
I'm at Fundy High School.
I'm an academic sport teacher.
I guess we're talking about,
data driven teaching.
So we make sure that when we're responding
to our students who are responding
to their actual scores
on different types of curricular tests,
as opposed to just basing it on the fact
that they're in a great ed classroom
from the beginning,
where we're doing a series of screeners
so that we can get through
large numbers of people,
and using these screeners to decide
if we need follow up testing,
whether it be numeracy
or whether it's a literacy class.
And then we do in-depth testing
with the people that we need to follow up.
If they don't do well on the screeners.
So we're
kind of reducing the number of people
that we have to deal with on each tier
until we can isolate the ones that need
different types of, of work with people.
Some might need curricular adjustment,
some might just need,
support in classroom situations,
which is mostly probably what I do once
a year gets going.
And then as the year goes
on, the support will change depending on
the results from our data,
we try to write
our assessments that we're going to use.
Write them as a group each year for our
our major units.
If we if we agree that each unit
will have to
sort of formal assessments for a strand,
whether it be
for, let's say for, for writing or for
reading response to reading,
then we might make sure that we,
we use two stories for each grade level
that we're going to use for that unit.
And then each year,
even though we might have
some that we've saved that we try to read,
we write the questions
to make sure that we're kind of appealing
to the level of the kids that we have.
So when we start out
with our reading screeners,
we usually sort of start with
concrete, you know, more literal questions
and then kind of work our way up.
And we we try to make sure that each,
each unit, we have at least a beginning,
kind of like a pretest for that outcome.
And then we have one at the end
that we've all agreed upon,
so that in between there, people will
often work together to choose stories.
But in the beginning, we at least
make sure our pretest is the same in our
our sort of summative final test
for that information is the same.
So we know at least we're we're dealing
with the same learning outcomes.
And that's our goal that in that time
we often will regroup for.
That's when support comes in.
If we look at a a group and they have 7
or 8 twos, I think last year
our goal was to reduce the number of twos
by 25% across the board.
And you know, Durham during a month or so,
we were able
to reduce most classes
at least 25% just by all being,
diligent about making
sure we're asking for the exact same
information stated in the same way,
so that we have a clear kind of response
format that we use for what we
what we accept,
and we try to make sure that we look
look at a couple examples
from each class to,
to ensure that we're all going
to respond to them in the same way
and apply the same point structure to them
so that, you know, you're in
some of these class, it shouldn't,
shouldn't be completely different
than someone else's.
There's personalities that come out,
but we need to be addressing
the same curriculum outcomes.
Never assume that people can do the things
that we know
they're supposed to be able to do
because,
not knowing the multiplication or not
knowing addition facts is debilitating.
And so you see that some people will
guess, some people will pretend
to be mad about other things
and have behavior issues,
and some people will just ignore
and pretend like I'm not there.
So sometimes it looks like behavior
and sometimes it's,
it's a remediation
that's required the end of the year.
This year, I've spent a lot of time
with, kind of with fluency.
And that's
I've had kids reading with me
for three weeks now
on fluency passages, specifically just to
to take their level and to practice
reading through text numerous times and,
kind of identifying speed and rate
and the pattern at which they,
you know, their cadence and most of them
have increased at least ten, 15 words
a minute, some of them as close to 20
or 25, an outlier before it.
Most would be somewhere between
ten and 20 words a minute increase.
And so I feel good about that.